Next step is to add the dependencies to POM. XML to work with J Unit 5 and Maven, all we need
is these two dependencies.
You can grab these from the completed project that you have now downloaded from the previous lecture
or the first lecture of this section.
Or you can Google for the Junit Jupiter to grab the latest version, launch your Web browser J unit Jupiter
Maven.
Click on the very first link, we don't want the API, so if you go to org Junit  Jupiter level, scroll down.
There is a Jupiter unit, Jupiter dependancy see this  aggregator.
It brings in everything that is required for us to click on this Junit hyphen  Jupiter.
Grab the latest version.
Copy that.
Go back to Eclipse, open the POM.XML  you can take out all these dependencies in the dependancy
section, get rid of everything just paste  that first format it
So that's the first dependency Junit Jupiter.
The second one is J unit or Mockito J unit.
Jupiter, the Mockito support for Junit Jupiter.
Go back, Google for it again, maven.
So this is Mockito  JUnit, Jupiter, Maven dependancy, click on the very first link, grab the latest
version.
Click come back paste it in dependencies, format it  and now we're good to go.
There are a few changes which we need to make to our test here.
As you can see, it is not compiling.
We'll start doing that in the next lectures
Two dependencies J unit  Jupiter and Mockito J Unit Jupiter.